adds autotracking dx (#776)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-09-25-the-ember-times-issue-164.md

---

## [Autotracking Developer Experience 🔥](https://v5.chriskrycho.com/journal/autotracking-elegant-dx-via-cutting-edge-cs/)

If you couldn't get enough [Chris Krycho (@chriskrycho)](https://github.com/chriskrycho), we have good news! 😄  Chris has released a follow-up blog post to the one referenced above. 

> This latest blog post covers how autotracking in Ember or Glimmer works in greater depth (including how some CS concepts are involved, think Lamport clocks 🤯), and shows how autotracking improves developer experienc. 🎉

Reviewer: Maybe, for variety (with respect to other writeups), ask questions?

```suggestion
How does autotracking in Ember or Glimmer work? How does it improve developer experience? Which computer science concepts make it possible? (Answer: Lamport clocks 🤯)
```
